I went to public school from third grade
no from kindergarten to third grade and
was pulled out and then I went to public
school again in my 9th grade year uh
because I felt like I might be missing
something I think I bought into the idea
of the American stereotypical high
school that's portrayed in movies and
television and I thought maybe that's
something that I should experience or
want to I absolutely despised it I felt
like I was held back that year and my
academic stuff suffered um mental health
suffered I really did not enjoy it and
so I finished up the rest of my high
school career home school you know why
you didn't enjoy it cuz you're healthy
let me answer the question so this is
very
important you suffered
academically there is no question that
kids in vast majority of homeschool kids
learn more than kids in a regular High
School you you feel that that's correct
absolutely and I did on paper I did well
I ended up first in my class out of
about 1,200 students that year and
that's without doing any work exactly um
but I had no joy of learning which I had
had for my entire academic career up
until that point I felt like I was
sitting in a room for eight hours while
I was being talked at and I didn't
retain as much information as I had in
previous years I felt like what I was
being taught the curricula was missing
something I had already you know been
supplementing other kinds of pieces of
education for my family I was doing
online classes while still in public
school to try to supplement it because
my so you had learned more in every
subject as a homeschool child absolutely
that's fascinating so you stayed in in a
regular high school for one year one
year and then asked to return yeah
exactly okay your homeschool I don't
even know if the word class is correct
how many did you meet with on a daily
basis um none it was oh it was just you
and your parents it was just so from
third grade to about or eighth grade it
was my mom creating the curriculum she
did a classical type education just with
me so how did you meet friends I played
tons of sports I was a gymnast I did
ballet for 14 years I did musical
theater I would take art classes I where
would you do that if you weren't in a in
a regular school uh community centers uh
you honestly a lot of homeschoolers you
can be part of like did you have close
friends very close friends when my
parents went to public schools in the
United States they learned a lot
including to treasure the United States
of America and Liberty and they learned
a lot of math and science and music and
art and grammar and literature and it
was great it was a great thing not
anymore most public schools and most
private schools this is not an
anti-public School rant most schools are
awful they're not just failure in terms
of teaching in Minnesota the latest
statistic is that half of the students
are not at their proficiency level of
their age or their grade in science or
math half I wish they would do one on
reading
comprehension or ability to write a
sentence how about this ability to
define a sentence so I'll bet you more
homeschooled kids can write a sentence
if I say write a sentence and would know
what I'm talking about than kids in in
in the most
prestigious public or private school so
to me there's no question that the the
corruption I mean I I felt this when
they started teaching sex education at
school what is their business I didn't
learn sex at at school even by seventh
grade I knew how babies were made you
know who told me my
parents because this is a family
broadcast I will tell you the details of
what kids have been learning forget LGBT
had well before LGBT sex had started
when I was a kid and I didn't understand
that why why is it being taught and by
the way remember there's a finite number
of hours in a day in a school day or any
day so if you're going to teach sex ed
then you're going to not teach something
else like the definition of a sentence
or for that matter music or art so
anyway I'm totally Pro uh homeschooling